Rotation manager general docs (#2170)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x (rc)/content/docs/secrets/ldap/index.mdx

supported by the plugin.

## Static roles ((#static-roles))

Vault manages LDAP user account credentials by mapping static roles to the LDAP account. Vault supports two types of static roles:

- **Self-managed static roles** - The role rotates its own password without
  requiring an administrator LDAP account with elevated permissions to manage
  the plugin roles.

> - **Non-self-managed static roles** - Vault rotates the password. You must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Root-managed static roles** - Vault rotates the password. You must
```

The migration process runs in the background and does not prevent ordinary
operation of the plugin. Vault pauses individual static role rotations until
the role migrates. Once the role migrates, the normal rotation schedule resumes.

> See [rotation manager documentation](/vault/docs/enterprise/rotation-manager/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [automated rotation documentation](/vault/docs/enterprise/rotation-manager/overview)
```
